= jq-test-mobile

JQuery Test Mobile (jq-test-mobile) is a sample application for testing
tz-commons using a mobile browser. It's configurable for JPA,
Hibernate, DSC file system or DSC web service, by simply changing the
base-config file in web.xml (which means that all of the jars for all
four data-store types will be included in the lib dir; the unwanted
jars can be removed by updating the pom).

A live demo is available:

http://www.thruzero.com/jq-test-mobile/apps/demo/dashboard.jsf

See this link for documentation:

http://www.thruzero.com/projects/jq-test-mobile/index.html

== Build

1. Open a command shell, and cd to the project directory. Example:

   cd c:/projects/jq-test-mobile

2. Build using maven2 (I used apache-maven-2.2.1 with jdk1.6.0_07):

   mvn clean install

This will build 'jq-test-mobile.war'.

NOTE: The tz-commons jar files are required for this application.
They should be available in the central (or other) repo by the time
anyone attempts to build this app. If not, then tz-commons can be
built locally, which will install the jars in your local maven repo.

== License

Copyright 2012 George Norman

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this software except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
